Update job-scheduler.md (#3712)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/deploy/job-scheduler.md

| Over-scheduled job | A situation when a cron-scheduled job's run duration becomes longer than the frequency of the job’s schedule, resulting in a job queue that will grow faster than the scheduler can process the job’s runs. |
| Prep time | The time dbt Cloud takes to create a short-lived environment to execute the job commands in the user's cloud data platform. Prep time varies most significantly at the top of the hour when the dbt Cloud Scheduler experiences a lot of run traffic. |
| Run | A single, unique execution of a dbt job. |

> | Run slot | Run slots control the number of jobs that can run concurrently. Developer and team plan accounts have a fixed number of run slots; whereas, enterprise customers have unlimited run slots. Each running job occupies a run slot for the duration of the run. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Run slot | Run slots control the number of jobs that can run concurrently. Developer and Team plan accounts have a fixed number of run slots, and Enterprise users have [unlimited run slots](/docs/dbt-versions/release-notes/July-2023/faster-run#unlimited-job-concurrency-for-enterprise-accounts). Each running job occupies a run slot for the duration of the run. |
```

> | Run slot | Run slots control the number of jobs that can run concurrently. Developer and Team plan accounts have a fixed number of run slots, and Enterprise users have [unlimited run slots](/docs/dbt-versions/release-notes/July-2023/faster-run#unlimited-job-concurrency-for-enterprise-accounts). Each running job occupies a run slot for the duration of the run. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Run slot | Run slots control the number of jobs that can run concurrently. Developer and Team plan accounts have a fixed number of run slots, and Enterprise users have [unlimited run slots](/docs/dbt-versions/release-notes/July-2023/faster-run#unlimited-job-concurrency-for-enterprise-accounts). Each running job occupies a run slot for the duration of the run. If you need more jobs to execute in parallel, consider the [Enterprise plan](https://www.getdbt.com/pricing/) |
```
